This again, this is all called as hermias. And this is again when you read the potent downforce.
What is false is, is in Tibetan thought. And what is teaching said? Thought, thought downforce of
the potent downforce is with the anger,
catascience, your very brother and sister, is hard downforce. So this is, therefore we have to be
respected in the very analog, very energetic.
And then, generally in the Buddha's teaching, what are our three raffles? When we take raffles, I
take raffles in the Buddha, I take raffles in the Dharma, I take raffles in the Sangha.
What is a Sangha? Sangha is spiritual community, spiritual companions. And that is a Sangha. They
are our object of raffles, object of raffles.
But always three, Buddha, Dharma, and Sangha. We take raffles in the Buddha, we take raffles in the
Dharma, then if we don't take raffles, or we don't nice and close to our Sangha members,
then why are we chanting? Why are we saying, "I take raffles in the Buddha, I take raffles in the
Dharma, I take raffles in the Sangha." It's not true. It's not really true.
We like to be as, like what? Like true speaker or untruth speaker. And they think that way. Raffles
. Why Sangha is so important? What said in the teaching said, "Sangha is the source of inspiration."
Sangha is the source of inspiration. Buddha, Dharma is there, but without the Sangha, we can't
practice.
Sangha is the source of inspiration. Inspiration in many ways. Difficult way, beautiful way, hard
way, soft way.
In many ways, Sangha is giving constantly us lesson, constantly us reminding our ego, our negative
emotions, and as well as our good devotion, joy, and compassion, body.
And Sangha is helping us. Sangha is training us. Training all the time. And therefore, to move to
the Buddha world, definitely we need Sangha.
Without the Sangha, there is no growth, no examples, no support, no help. How we can become warrior
, ourself alone.
When you like to become, when you probably say warrior, what they say, they don't just become
warrior having agendized ice cream in a nice boat.
That is not really much. There is no history. Warrior becomes warrior sitting on the boat and
having yummy food or nice good time.
Warrior comes because of the difficulty, trouble, hardship that went through that and overcome that
. That is the warrior.
Therefore, Sangha are helping us many ways to become ourself, warrior, helper in beauty under many
ways. That is what Sangha is called source of inspiration.
We have to be. Therefore, therefore thankful. And for that reason, great master, I said all the day
too, great master, Karma Chiang Rinpoche said.
I mean, he is not just saying, hey, in all the teachings, always all the great master says.
To reach enlightenment, to reach enlightenment, Buddha and certain beings are equal kindness.
Without the certain beings, how we can practice the six parameters or how we can do the
accumulation, merit and all that.
They are equally so kind, equally so important. In some cases, even the certain beings are more
kind, more kindness than the Buddha.
Buddha give the teaching, but certain beings give the lesson in reminding. Sangha is, that is what
Sangha is.
Therefore, this is so important to close and appreciate and be patient, respect and learn and move
forward.
Then in the Vedayana teaching, I said here, "Vedaya brother, if angrily or in the third turning, in
the third down turn."
Sorry. That's why I need this spot. I think it's fine.
Third teaching, third down turn, what's this? With angry thought and courtesy to the Vedaya
brothers.
This brother, of course, there's brother, but brother, bun is not available, which means relatives
in a way, enemies, enemies.
So this is the Vedaya brother and sisters. They are the out-Vedaya brothers and sisters.
Why? It's always in the teaching that we are the children of the same mandalas, children.
In this case, many times also in the teaching, sometimes they say, "The teacher will give the
empowerment."
Teacher acts as father, mandala acts as mother, mandala is the duty, and through a combination of
the parents, we born the Vedaya nature.
We give the birth of the Vedaya nature. Vedaya nature, therefore, we are Vedaya brothers and
sisters.
We are under the one guidance of the mandala in one teacher, one practitioner, therefore, it's
called Vedaya brothers.
So therefore, it's so important. Then, also, there's another way to explain, or not just explain,
this is also taught in the teaching.
This is, for example, in the Veda, there are so many varieties of the Samayas, Samayas, one after
another, but it is basically the same.
In the same, nothing too, much different, slightly different to highlight things.
There are five principles, Samayas, and that's called not giving up the supplements, and not
criticizing the teacher,
or to respect the teacher, or not criticizing the teacher.
And then, such as not giving up or not interrupting your repetition.
So this is five Samayas. First is not giving up the supreme ones, and not criticizing the teachers,
and that's the two.
And the third one is not giving up the repetition, and reciting the mandala, or the meditations.
And then, third one is respect and love to those all who are entering the path, and the fifth one
is never speaking secret things to out or speak.
Those are the five root principles of Samayas.
Among that, love to all who are entering the path.
This generally in the teachings, there is a poor way, poor to be understanding.
There is distant relatives, there is close relatives, and very close relatives, and very close
relatives.
All distant brothers and sisters, and then very distant brothers and sisters, and then close
brothers and sisters,
and quite close brothers and sisters, and very close brothers and sisters.
And those four types of brothers and sisters, and first a very distant brother to love to all one.
That means two very distant brothers and sisters is all the sentient beings in the teachings said.
All the sentient beings are our brothers and sisters.
Every sentient being is our very brothers and sisters.
Not very, but brothers and sisters, therefore we should love to all of them, love and respect.
Then close brothers and sisters, and that is all Buddhist practice, Sangha members.
That is close, and then very close one is such as Tantal practitioners, and then that is close
brothers.
Very close, close, intimate brother and sister is then entering the one mandala with under one
guidance of the teacher and practice.
They are close brothers and sisters.
These various brothers and sisters in the teachings said, not just now, but we are complete long
time.
Again in the Buddha's teachings, there is nothing for accident, kabai, there is cause and condition
.
And therefore everything is really connected with those beautiful karmic connections.
And not just for this time, but in the teachings said, they will continually account until they
become the Buddha.
Until they reach the Buddha, we use example as butter lamb.
It is weak, it is oil, it is that cotton, I mean to be used as a cotton, weak.
And according that way, these various brothers will continually go together until they reach the
enlightenment.
And as this lamb and glory, they will wester with that.
And therefore, we should always respect and appreciate.
And then as again, of course, with our due to the emotions, with our habit breath, happen, that is
what happens.
Sometimes we do, but however, when we see these things, we try to purify, cleanse, purify.
Those are really important.
And with the various other practices, as you, we have all different rituals.
So, cleansing, purify, and this is what we need.